right well well please which phone do
you find the hardest to follow yourself
probably the hardest one is to tell the
truth or at least not to lie well it's a
constant challenge
well because it's easy to use your
speech in a way that pays off in the
short term and it's difficult to contend
with the conflict that's inevitable if
you try to do things in a
straightforward manner because that
produces short-term conflict it produces
long-term peace which is a huge
advantage but it's very tempting in the
short term to circumvent the problem and
pretend that it's not there do you
sometimes avoid telling the truth just
to be kind I try to be as kind as
possible but no good I'm tempted to yeah
because I'm fundamentally an agreeable
person surprisingly enough but I'm
convinced that it's better to face
things when they need to be faced and to
get to the bottom of things even though
that's and of course you have to be
constituted in that manner if you're
going to be useful psychotherapists
because you can't let things go they
have to be dealt with just like they
have to be dealt with if if you're a
medical professional it's unpleasant to
sit tell someone that they have an
illness it hurts their feelings it
upsets them but if you don't deal with
it then perhaps they die and
psychological issues can be of the same
significance you you talked you talked
sometimes about weak man mm-hmm
why are weak men such a problem
what weak people are a problem in
general and I don't mean physically weak
I mean cowardly let's say and deceitful
because I'm thinking it more in terms of
moral weakness well there's a variety of
reasons is first of all if you can't
support your own weight let's say then
someone else has to do it and that's not
good and then if you don't make your
pathway if you don't pick a four
right and useful and noble pathway
through life then you will become bitter
and and and to hurt by the tragedy of
existence and then you tend to seek your
revenge wherever you can get it and
that's not good so it's a it's a mistake
on all fronts it's not good for you it's
not good for your family it's not good
for the community it's certainly not a
good medium to long term strategy
because life is very very difficult and
you have to be prepared for that and and
I had a watcher the other night he was
at my lecture in Oslo and he wrote me a
letter he was a 17 year old boy and he
said that he that my work had been very
helpful to him his father had died
suddenly about six months before and he
found his dad when he was dying and was
very very shocked and horrified and hurt
by what had happened and I had
recommended on my youtube lectures that
one thing you could aim for was to be
the strongest person at your father's
funeral and so that's what he did and he
helped his mom and he wrote a 200 word
eulogy and got through it and so good
for him that strength and necessary it's
a terrible thing that happened but he
did everything he could not to make it
any worse than it had to be but do you
never see that showing weakness can be a
strength - not weakness vulnerability
that's that's a whole different thing to
admit - to admit to the fact that you're
vulnerable that's a form of courage
that's not a form of weakness but that
leads you to take whatever steps are
necessary to deal with that properly it
isn't some facade that you're
invulnerable no one is invulnerable by
any stretch of the imagination and to
stand up and face that is is the best
route that you have well why why do you
think so many young men are following
you because you you have a lot of your
best for them genuinely I mean
everything more than you do for young
women no no no why do you think so many
are young men oh well I think part of
its technological fluke
I mean I came to prominence at least in
part on YouTube because I put my
university lectures there and it happens
to be the case that 80% of the people
who watch YouTube are young men so
there's that and it's hard to know how
to factor that in exactly but then I'm
also I think that young women are
encouraged a lot which is fine as far as
I'm concerned but I think that that's
less true for young men now because we
believe that there's something
pernicious about male competence and
activity it's part of a I suppose it's
part of the notion that the best way to
characterize Western society is as a
tyrannical patriarchy which is a
appalling doctrine as far as I'm
concerned how come is that well it's not
a tyrannical patriarchy so it's not
tyrannical that's the first thing
certainly not compared to any other
governmental form that currently exists
and has ever existed and it's not
essentially patriarchal unless you
believe that women haven't contributed
in immense part to the construction of
what we have now so and I also don't
believe that to the degree that it is
patriarchal that its structure is
dependent on the expression of power
arbitrary power on the part of men I
think that happens sometimes but only
when things go wrong what you're doing
and doing now as well is is is
challenging the the idea of gender
equality that is very important in in in
Scandinavia I think it's it's as you
probably know why do you think that that
can be a problem yeah equality I don't
think that equality of opportunity is a
problem I think that's a great thing and
that anyone with any sense champions
equality of opportunity I mean even if
you're purely selfish say and purely
self-centered you'd want to set up an
economy where everyone who had ability
could be maximally exploited by everyone
else because then we can all benefit
from each other's talents and so
equality of opportunity is absolutely
useful fundament
principal so where's but that has
nothing to do with equality of outcome
those things aren't even in the same
conceptual universe and to strive for
equality of outcome is well it's a
fool's game and likely to be
extraordinarily it has proved to be in
the past extraordinarily dangerous as
well as impossible so I mean one of the
things we know for example is that I
don't know to what degree it's common
knowledge in Scandinavia but the biggest
differences between men and women in the
world in terms of temperament and
interest are in Scandinavia and they've
maximized as a consequence of your
egalitarian policies what do you mean by
that it means that the more egalitarian
your state the bigger the personality
differences between men and women that's
like the it's how do you measure that
how do you know that oh well
psychologists have perfected at least to
some degree the measure of personality
over the last thirty years with very
advanced statistical models and so what
you do is you offer men and women well
validated tests of preference and of
personality and you do that all across
the world with tens of thousands of
people in multi country samples and then
you look at the difference between men
and women and then you rank order that
by wealth and egalitarian social policy
and what you find is the more
egalitarian this society the more
different the men and women become is
this something you can recognize or is
it I would say for me it's quite a
simple question actually do we want that
our sons and daughters should have the
same opportunities and the same man the
same dreams or in hopes for the good
thing or no and for me it's simple to
ask that answer that it's yes of course
so for me equality and gender equality
is very very important for me also when
we talk about gender equality is
important for me to learn my daughter
that her mom can lead and show the way
and her dad can hug and kiss her and
show feelings and I think that's
something very important for they the
hoots where kids grow up to show
feelings to to have these gender
quality discussions to show her a way of
opportunities and to strive forward and
it's important both for lonely men
lonely young men but also for women that
feel this this roof of glass they need
to to fight and to struggle the roof of
glass - yeah to be successful in their
lives do you agree on this I think that
equality of opportunity is a perfectly
reasonable proposition I mean I have a
daughter and the wife I do everything I
part and many many female clients and
who I've consulted with and helped and
and in many cases accelerated helped
accelerate the development of their
career tremendously it's of obviously of
great utility to encourage forward
striving in in young people and people
in general that's not the issue in the
least the outcome yeah well then why do
you think the the outcome and these
countries where the outcome is is more
equal why do you think that leads to a
bigger differences between oh because
there's only two reasons that men and
women differ one is cultural and the
other is biological and if you minimize
the cultural differences you maximise
the biological differences so I know
everyone's shocked when they hear this
that this isn't shocking news people
have known this in the scientific
community for at least 25 years and it's
been replicated in the last month three
times in three separate samples
including in science which is the
world's greatest scientific magazine by
a large margin and it isn't the small
effect it's a huge effect but so excuse
me what does it mean does it mean it's
getting even men and women are having
more difficulties meeting each other
talking to each other than other places
no not necessarily but it does mean that
there are reasons for differences in
participation rates in different
occupations that aren't a consequence of
socialization so for example as is
especially true at the extremes so for
example on average men are more
interested in things and women are more
interested in people and that's actually
the biggest difference we know of
psychologically between men and women
and and even though
women are quite similar all things
considered the extremes make a
difference so you imagine that in order
to become an engineer look obviously not
everyone becomes an engineer you have to
have a particular temperamental
proclivity to become an engineer you
have to be extraordinarily interested in
things rather than people well most of
those people are men and if you want to
become a nurse well then you have to be
much more interested in people than you
are in things and most of those people
are women and so you get differences in
occupational choice that are also by the
way quite great in Scandinavia
especially in the case of engineering
and nursing they're mostly due to
biological differences and you cannot
minimize that by social engineering so
and it's not a bad thing like look one
of the things you want to ask yourself
is that what is the purpose of setting
up the society that offers maximal
equality of opportunity and one of the
answers is that you maximize people's
free choice and if you maximize free
choice then you also maximize
differences in choice between people and
so you can't have both of those but of
course it will have have differences in
choices of course because we are human
beings but I can't see why it differs
between me and skavlan for instance but
of course it differs in biological
things but not in choices because I
think more how we raise them how we live
education sort of cultural attitudes
form a human being whether or not they
are a girl or a boy when they grow up
and if I raise my daughter to become a
leader to be self-confident to have a
high education for instance I think she
will have a good platform to become a
civil engineer to become a CEO company
or to become a nurse well that that is
what that is what people who think that
the difference is between people who are
primarily culturally constructed believe
but it's not what the evidence suggests
what's necessary to understand about
this is this this is not a contentious
issue among informed scientists we've
known this for 25 years and so that and
it's a perverse effect no one expected
it why do you talk then about you talk
about chaos I mean is what we're
experiencing now tails your book is is
called an antidote to chaos well what is
the chaos well I think the chaos is the
uncertainty that so many people feel
about the meaning of life and about
their position in the world that that's
fundamentally what I was aiming at and
what I'm trying to do in my online
lectures and with my book is to provide
people with a guideline to meaning so
one of the points that I make in my
lectures for example is that we actually
have a biological instinct for meaning
that Orient's us in the world and that
instinct manifests itself when we place
ourselves in a position in the world
where were competent where what we're
doing is working so that we're not too
terrified and anxious but also well
we're simultaneously advancing ourselves
and improving our ability to cope with
the world so for example if you watch an
athlete a high-level athlete who's at
the peak of his or her performance you
see someone who's extraordinarily
practiced at what they're doing and has
developed the expertise necessary to do
it but then you also see them push
themselves on that developmental edge to
make themselves just that much better
and that that function is associated
with an intrinsic sense of meaning and
whenever you see anyone manifest that
you you are automatically drawn to it
you you see that when an actor pushes
him or herself beyond their limits you
see that when someone speaks
extemporaneously and manages it
extraordinarily well and I'm trying to
help people understand that this this
meaning is a true phenomenon it's not a
secondary thing and also to point out
that most of the time that meaning is
associated with the adoption of
responsibilities so it's also something
that people don't understand but
but part of the Cales is that the rules
are so hard to see the the there aren't
that obvious rules anymore well part of
the chaos is that we're transforming our
landscape socially culturally
technologically so rapidly that it's
hard for people to gain footing and so
it destabilizes us is the real problem
that quite a lot of men and also young
men are struggling to deal with the fact
that women now are more in control of
their lives than earlier I don't think
that's the problem I think the problem
is is that the idea that the West is a
patriarchal tyranny is rapidly
translated into the idea that young men
who strive for word are to be regarded
with suspicion because they're doing
nothing but manifesting the same sort of
tyrannical power that has kept women
oppressed for the last 2,000 years and I
think that entire narrative is appalling
right to the core so and I don't see
that it's helpful to anyone because
making young men weak or or a lot or or
failing to encourage them to be strong
that's a better way of putting it
certainly does the young men no good and
it doesn't do the young women any good
at all if they want to find a partner so
you're saying that all along have had
the same opportunities always no I'm
basically saying that all along hardly
anyone had any opportunities I mean if
you look at the history of the world
things really started to shift in about
1895 but before the 1895 the typical
person in the West lived on less than a
dollar a day in today's money which is
about two-thirds the UN cutoff for
abject poverty by today's standards and
so what happened through most of the
history of the world is that men and
women struggled mightily together
sometimes at each other's throats but
mostly cooperatively to keep the wolf
from the door and the tyrant at bay life
was very very very very difficult and
the fact that we survived it all meant
that fundamentally we cooperated despite
the fact that were rife with stupidity
ignorance and malevolence but what's so
terrifying with gender equality
nothing here is except when people
gerrymander the data it's like what do
you mean by equality do you want women
to have their free choice or not if you
do they're not going to pick occupations
that are the same as the occupations men
pick but we have structures today that
that women need to struggle they need to
take a step to to have the possibility
to become like a prime minister as we
talked before we don't have had any
Prime Minister in Sweden there have been
a woman for instance we have a lower
rate of female entrepreneurs men had a
higher income than women in Sweden even
if they work with the same tasks and
that's one that I work with gender
equality I think even in the lower class
in schools to learn kids how to play
with dolls we need to I think we need to
learn boys to be more sensitive but also
young girls to become more
self-confident and I think that's very
important too well the problem the
problem with that the problem with that
is the data indicate that the
consequence of the policies that you're
promoting have maximized the differences
between men and women so that isn't what
it's doing now that isn't to say that
the movement towards egalitarianism is
necessarily a bad thing but tremendous
amount of that's being driven not by
social policy but by technology I mean
you know the narrative that were fed now
is that up until 1960 when the
enlightened feminists developed their
egalitarian doctrines men had kept women
down and they finally rose and the truth
of the matter is is that from about 9
1895 onward there was a series of
technological revolutions that were
extraordinarily powerful in their impact
that allowed women to step forward free
of many of the burdens that had kept
them back in the past birth control
being one of them but only only only one
sanitary facilities of all sorts
plumbing had a huge role to play tampons
had a huge role to play as did sanitary
now
ken's all of these technologies
developed that enabled women to to move
forward to move forward with with with
less biological impediments what would
you say is the best period in history to
be both a man and a woman Oh clearly now
there's no absolutely no doubt about
that anyone who would like to you're
worried for the chaos you worry about
the chaos well you know it's nice if we
could make things better than they are
and I would say that just as all around
the world we're raising living standards
at a rate that is absolutely
unparalleled in human history we're also
in danger of destabilizing our culture
in the West and I don't like that part
of that problem you called you talked
about there is what we call the identity
politics yes I think that any Oh any
political position that puts someone's
group identity ahead of their
individuality is a regression to a kind
of a regression to a tribalism that will
definitely become violent because that's
what happens to well what's an example
of identity politics following that rule
yeah what happens every time people
divide divide themselves into tribal
groups I mean what we're trying to do to
make peace is to bring people under the
rubric of something approximating a
single identity a shared identity and I
mean the evidence that people fight in
tribes
it's the that's the entire evidence of
the human race and the farther back you
go in time and the smaller the tribal
groups become the higher the rates of
intertribal warfare and the higher the
rates of homicide and and this you're
talking about this part I I think it's
part of why you also are people that
feel some kind of ambivalence towards
towards you also yeah I mean we call it
controversial from time to time and I
know that do you like that being
controversial do you enjoy provoking
groups like like no and I don't provoke
people I just say what I think I just
say well to be true well that's no I
don't have you to say what I believe to
be true and people find that provoking
that's not the same as me provoking
people if I was provoking people I would
be setting out to
and I'm not setting out to upset them
I'm just setting out to say what I
believe to be true and I'm a very you're
following the the rules we talk to them
yes and what I'm talking about gender
gender issues for example in personality
that's actually one of my my fields of
expertise I know the literature and it
says exactly what I said it says and as
I said as well it's been replicated
three times in the last month the London
Times came out three weeks ago and said
that the finding that gender differences
maximized as egalitarian policies are
developed is now one of the most solidly
grounded findings ever produced by
social scientists so you know you could
make of that
what you want it's not something that I
particularly enjoy just happens to be
the case so what what are the fake news
about Jordan Pizza oh well the the fake
news is one is that I'm provocative the
other is that the other is that I have a
like a right-leaning or a particularly
conservative agenda and the mere fact
that I oppose radical you're a
conservative at heart aren't you not
particularly I'm I don't have the
temperament for it so for example
conservative people tend to be low in
trait openness which is associated with
creativity and I'm very high in trade
openness and so temperamentally I'm not
much of a conservative at all and people
who knew me people who come to my house
would certainly not think that I was a
conservative person so or if or if they
they saw the breadth of my ideas I'm I'm
also very entrepreneurial minded which
also is not associated with conservatism
I am a great skeptic of well-meaning
attempts to adjust large social systems
on the basis of ideology but that
doesn't make me conservative it just
makes me educated social scientists so
what
what when are you to walk yourself um
when am i provoke myself Oh mm-hmm
being called a Nazi I find somewhat
provoking that I think money the most
deserving days no no certainly not
one of the most absurd days in my life
in the last two years and there's been
plenty of them was a day probably three
months ago where I was accused by one
magazine in the UK of being a Jewish
shill and another magazine in the United
States of being an all right Nazi I
thought well that's that's it I pretty
much covered both ends of the insults
fellas it's like yeah that's right so
you can average that out to zero I
suppose so I I find I find that somewhat
provoking but you know you take the good
with the bad and and I I'm I'm not I'm
not complaining about it it's but it is
provoking is it is it true that you have
an opinion about about people having to
stay married if they have children I
mean we it's better if they do it's most
people would agree that that's the best
but but yeah as far as I understand you
you think that the law should say that
we have to stay together oh it isn't
obvious to me that the liberalisation of
the divorce laws in the 60s was for
everyone's best interest know exactly
what that means I'm not sure I mean it's
okay for people to go to hell in hand in
a handbasket in their own particular
means of choosing but we do know that
stable intact two-parent families are
better for children so you know it
depends on who you put first and look
I'm not saying that everyone who's got
divorced is reprehensible I understand
that life is very difficult and that
it's a very hard thing to maintain a
relationship over a very long period of
time but it's not obvious to me that
we're better off for the additional
plethora of choices so we'll see but
isn't that an individual choice and not
something the law should decide well it
depends to some degree on whether the
law should advocate for children I mean
children really can't speak for
themselves can they they need some
authority to speak for
and so we do know like the the data for
example on on child welfare indicates
Krista it's crystal clear that children
from intact two-parent families do
better on virtually every measure that
you can possibly imagine so what are we
supposed to make of that
it's irrelevant it's like maybe the rule
should be if if you don't have children
then no problem
divorce is no problem but if you have
children and plus it's not like divorce
solves the problem with regards to to to
your relationship with your ex it often
produces a whole boatload of problems
that you didn't expect so but I'm not
advocating draconian measures to keep
people together who don't want to be
together that that horse has already
left the barn should there be an age
limit on the children where you can
divorce or well the older the order the
children are the less effect it has on
them so for divorce yes Oh 45 what about
what about when you were when you were a
kid yourself who was your masculine role
model oh I I think I had a number of
them but would problem primarily have
been my father and some of my friends
because peers play an important role in
development especially after year after
the age of about four but I would
definitely say it was my father and how
would you describe his masculinity well
he - your point he spent a tremendous
amount of time with me when I was a kid
and there are very fond memories as far
as I'm concerned like when when I was a
young when I was very young 2 and 3 my
dad would come home from work and he
spent an hour and a half with me a night
for you for a long time teaching me to
read which has been of inestimable
and he did many things with me you know
we hunted and trapped and canoed and
fished and Kent and and he was a harsh
guy in many ways he was a disciplinarian
in some sense but but he was very honest
and very good craftsman and
and so I learned a lot about trying to
conduct yourself in a respectable manner
from him so what were you were you're a
tough kid or were you a careful kid no
what kind of kid who are you alright I
guess it depends on what you mean by
tough no I don't think if you would have
met me when I was a kid you would have
thought I was tough I'm kind of a
tender-hearted character and and I was
skipped a grade and I was small for my
age and so I certainly wasn't physically
tough in the standard sense because I
was small and because I'd been put ahead
of grade I was never particularly facile
at sports and that was kind of a problem
I I did something about that when I got
older but um I hung around with tough
kids but that was partly because most of
the kids that were in the town I grew up
in were were either tough kids or were
sort of off the radar entirely and so
and maybe that was a certain amount of
compensation I could defend myself
verbally fairly well so but that tended
to get me hung up by my you know my
shirt collar in closets and played cats
with on the stairs and that sort of
thing in junior high so is it is it like
did you come from an environment where
where were weak and it was a bad thing
where self-pitying was a bad thing
where self-pitying was a bad thing I
would say yes I come from that
background but that was that was par for
the course I would say when I grew up
and I mean where where I grew up it was
still a frontier place in some sense you
know my town was only 50 years old and
people were essentially self-reliant to
the degree that that was possible it was
certainly the case within my family on
on both my mother and father's side and
the idea was but this wasn't
particularly what would you say unique
to my family you know the ethos was
feeling sorry for yourself isn't going
to be of much utility you should get out
there and do what you can do and and
straighten your back
yes if you can do that and I got lots of
encouragement from from my parents from
both of them certainly I have a very
good relationship with my mother who I
loved very much and we we shared a sense
of humor
which was lovely and my dad although he
was a harsh taskmaster also was very
encouraging to me in that he believed
that I could do whatever I put my mind
to and he helped instill that conviction
in me in a manner that I hope wasn't and
isn't to let's say narcissistic it
wasn't a matter of privilege it was a
matter of drive and dedication and
effort and so that was one of the things
that's so sad about what I'm doing you
know I'm going all around the world and
I'm talking to many many people I've
talked to about 250,000 people in the
last six months and I offer encouraging
words you know that people I believe
that people are stronger than their
misfortunes I believe that if you turn
around and confront the vulnerability
that's part and parcel of life you'll
find within yourself a strength that
will transcend that and I believe that
not only to be true but supported by the
best clinical evidence and that it's
important for lost young people male and
female alike to develop a vision and
take on some responsibility and
understand that they have a vital role
to play in the world that the lack of
their best hurts everything and I think
that's true and the sad thing is that
very there's very many people who have
not heard an encouraging word in their
life and it takes so little to encourage
them that it's rather tragic you know
why have people come up to me and I mean
all and by all the time I mean many
people every day in the lectures and on
the street who tell me I was in a bad
place I was struggling I've been
watching your lectures I've been reading
your book I put my life together I'm
trying to be responsible tell the truth
things are way better thank you
and so
can't can't get any better than that so
and that's divorce question what is the
best situation to to tell your children
we don't love each other anymore but
we're going to stay together for your
sake so that you'll have a semblance of
a happy family life or to say I'm sorry
this doesn't work we will continue to
love you but will part and will will
love you the rest of our lives and maybe
we even can be happy on on our different
well sometimes sometimes often you have
to make the best of a bad lot you know I
mean sometimes the best possible choice
isn't there in front of you and I would
say well it's generally up to each
person to decide under the circumstances
which of those pathways forward would be
likely to cause the least amount of
misery for well you know for you for
your wife for your kids you know you
have to balance all of that out that's
not an easy thing to do I would also say
that by the time it comes to the point
where you're divorced divorcing all you
may have left are one of two suboptimal
choices and you know so part of what I
do as well is to try to lecture about
what sort of interactions might
facilitate a marriage such that it's
less likely to end up in a situation
like that now sometimes people have
irreconcilable differences and there's
nothing that can be done about it but
often people are not good at negotiating
partly because they don't they won't
admit what they want because then they
know that then they know if they're not
getting it they make their criteria for
failure clear and that frightens them so
they keep themselves vague because they
don't know what they want they can't
communicate it to their partners and
they don't know how to do that anyways
because they're not very good at
negotiating and then they avoid conflict
and so then the conflict because we you
avoid conflict all you do is store it up
for the future you know I've seen lots
of people
on the brink of divorce and in horrible
marital situations horrible family
situations and you know they have 25,000
disputes that haven't been settled and
at that point it's like maybe divorce is
the best option but that doesn't mean
that it was the best option from the
beginning so hopefully people can learn
to negotiate and to tell each other the
truth and that will increase the
probability that they can maintain their
relationships in a stable manner but and
I'm not I'm not suggesting by the way
that you didn't do that because I don't
know anything about you know sure but
I'm a little bit surprised that you
don't take into the account our level of
irrationality we're super irrational
people when you discuss it's like we can
all just agree on these things and look
at the science and we'll fix everything
that's not how I don't think people are
irrational at all and I think that it's
very difficult for us to negotiate and
it's amazing that we ever live in peace
at all yes tremendously difficult so
tell me one last question when when are
you irrational yourself when I'm hungry
what happens then little things bother
me far more than they would bother any
reasonable person so that's and I would
say if you find that you're irrational
like that frequently one of the things
you might try is to eat something and
you and you have a you have a peculiar
diet you have yeah you could say that
again yes what is it
well there seems to be some sort of
autoimmune condition in my family and
some of it's also reflected in my wife's
family unfortunately and the culmination
of that was that my daughter had an
extraordinarily serious serious set of
autoimmune dysfunctions that caused her
an endless amount of misery and
destruction and she found out about
three years ago as a consequence of very
very careful experimentation that if she
ate nothing but meat then all her
symptoms disappeared so and her primary
symptoms were degenerative bone disease
that had been diagnosed as idiopathic
arthritis which means arthritis with no
known cause
and she had her ankle and her hip
replaced when she was in her teens
because of that and had 38 other
effective deflected joints so as hell
and she caught and on to the fact that
diet had something to do with it for a
variety of reasons I can't go into and
and radically restricted her eating and
all her symptoms disappeared so that is
why you do it isn't yes well I had many
but not all of the same symptoms and she
told I watched what happened to her and
I thought well that's impossible because
it was and she encouraged me to try it
and I thought well I can try anything
for a month you know and so I I started
for a month and I add changes almost
immediately and so I've continued with a
very restricted diet for about two years
and extraordinarily restricted for the
last eight months so and that seems to
be working for me quite well even though
it's you know it has its downsides
Jordan Peterson it's been so interesting
talking to you thank you so much thank
you very much hope you enjoyed the clip
for more interesting conversations
please hit subscribe